Adding a link that explains how to assign EA roles (#74680)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cost-management-billing/manage/programmatically-create-subscription-enterprise-agreement.md

* The Enterprise Administrator of your enrollment can [make you an Account Owner](https://ea.azure.com/helpdocs/addNewAccount) (sign in required) which makes you an Owner of the Enrollment Account.
* An existing Owner of the Enrollment Account can [grant you access](/rest/api/billing/2019-10-01-preview/enrollmentaccountroleassignments/put). Similarly, to use a service principal to create an EA subscription, you must [grant that service principal the ability to create subscriptions](/rest/api/billing/2019-10-01-preview/enrollmentaccountroleassignments/put).  

>     If you're using an SPN to create subscriptions, use the ObjectId of the Azure AD Application Registration as the Service Principal ObjectId using [Azure Active Directory PowerShell](/powershell/module/azuread/get-azureadserviceprincipal?view=azureadps-2.0&preserve-view=true ) or [Azure CLI](/cli/azure/ad/sp?view=azure-cli-latest&preserve-view=true#az_ad_sp_list). See [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/assign-roles-azure-service-principals) for full details on how to use the EA role assignment API request. This page includes a list of roles (and role definition IDs) that can be assigned to an SPN.

Reviewer: Recommendation - we have to remove locale from links, and use relative file links instead of HTTP links for files in the same folder. 

```suggestion
    If you're using an SPN to create subscriptions, use the ObjectId of the Azure AD Application Registration as the Service Principal ObjectId using [Azure Active Directory PowerShell](/powershell/module/azuread/get-azureadserviceprincipal?view=azureadps-2.0&preserve-view=true ) or [Azure CLI](/cli/azure/ad/sp?view=azure-cli-latest&preserve-view=true#az_ad_sp_list). For more information about the EA role assignment API request, see [Assign roles to Azure Enterprise Agreement service principal names](assign-roles-azure-service-principals.md). This page includes a list of roles (and role definition IDs) that can be assigned to an SPN.
```
